milkdelivery/README.md, before:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MILK DELIVERY SYSTEM:

Milk can be ordered using this application, 
There are different varieties of milk like
1. Toned
2. Pasturized

There are different brands selling these milk
1. Aavin
2. Aarokya
3. Nandhini

Each brand sells each type of milk in different prices. Customers can use this application to order milk in on demand basis or subscription basis. 
The milk will be delivered to users by evening 5-7 PM for the date of order and for subscription based order it will be delivered morning 5-7 AM.

Both subscription and ondemand have different pricing model. Subscription pricing is based on monthly , quarterly and yearly basis.
Ondemand is based on the quantity of milk ordered.

Expectation
1. Users should be able to see list of milk products available
1.1 View all the subscriptions available.
        
2. Users should be able to order milk in both formats :
    1. Subscription based :
        Taking the month, quarter and year of subscription for a particular milk product.
    2. Ondemand based :
        Ordering of milk should take the date of delivery.
        Not more than 100 such requests should be entertained accross milk product.
3. Users should be able to sort milk products by price.
4. Users should be able to see their milk product subscription and ondemand orders.
5. Admin view :
    1. All subscriptions for particular month or quarter or year.
    2. All on demand orders for a day or period.
    
Bonus :
1. Subscription period made more dynamic than static.
2. Pricing model of milk products made more dynamic for subscriptions and on demand orders for occasions like festive season or loyal customers etc.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional cuts to the problem are :
1. Location
2. Seller

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

ondemand scope removed and coded for the same just subscription varient

milkdelivery/README.md, after:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MILK DELIVERY SYSTEM:

Milk can be ordered using this application, 
There are different varieties of milk like
1. Toned
2. Pasturized

There are different brands selling these milk
1. Aavin
2. Aarokya
3. Nandhini

Each brand sells each type of milk in different prices. Customers can use this application to order milk in subscription basis. 
The milk will be delivered to users morning 5-7 AM.

Subscription is monthly(30D) , quarterly(90D) and yearly(365D) basis.

Expectation
1. Users should be able to see list of milk products and all the subscriptions available.        
2. Users should be able to order milk in Subscription based formats :
        Taking the month, quarter and year of subscription for a particular milk product.
        The pricing of the milk products subscriptions will be base price * numbers of days in subscription.

3. Users should be able to see milk product subscriptions they have subscribed to.
4. Admin view :
    All subscriptions for particular month or quarter or year.
    
Bonus :
1. Pricing model of milk products made more dynamic for subscriptions like yearly having concession over half yearly .
2. Not more than 10 such requests should be entertained in each milk product.

Coding Instructions :

Use only in memory data structures to store the data and do not use any sql server or in memory data store.
You can use internet in case of doubts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional cuts to the problem are :
1. Location
2. Seller

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
